ISPN-12500 Custom server paths (#8882)
infinispan/infinispan: server/runtime/src/main/server/README.md

Stopping the Server
-------------------
To stop a server, simply interrupt it (Ctrl-C from the terminal it was launched or kill the process via the TERM signal)

Server Filesystem
-----------------

The server has the following directory structure:

* `/bin`: scripts to start the server and the CLI.
* `/boot`: `JAR` files to boot the server.
* `/docs`: examples, configuration schemas, component licenses, etc.
* `/lib`: server `JAR` files. Should not be used for custom jars.
* `/server`: default server instance folder. Can be overridden with the `-s` or `--server-root` argument.
- `/server/conf`: configuration files. Can be overridden with the `infinispan.server.conf.path` system property.
- `/server/data`: data files organized by container name. Can be overridden with the `infinispan.server.data.path` system property.

> - `/server/lib`: server extensions files for custom filters, listeners, and so on. This directory will be scanned recursively and used as a classpath. Can be ovverridden with the `infinispan.server.lib.path` system property which can specify multiple paths separated by the platform path separator (`:` on Unix, `;` on Windows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/server/lib`: server extensions files for custom filters, listeners, and so on. This directory will be scanned recursively and used as a classpath. Override with the `infinispan.server.lib.path` system property to set a custom location with multiple paths separated by the `:` character on Unix or the `;` character on Windows.
```
